RouteStep encoding rounding (#697)
mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift: CHANGELOG.md

# Changes to Mapbox Directions for Swift

## main

> * Removed limiting `RouteStep.distance`, `RouteStep.expectedTravelTime` and `RouteStep.typicalTravelTime` precision to 1 decimal digit when being encoded. ([#697](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/697))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where `RouteStep.distance`, `RouteStep.expectedTravelTime` and `RouteStep.typicalTravelTime` were rounded to one decimal place when being encoded. ([#697](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/697))
```
